about 7 hours and 30 minutes of
this Monday morning our team
is in the spring district in that
moment the team is told by the police
federal highway is leaving is the
District of origin
city ​​of smile two sections will be
interdicted this Monday morning
the first part
here is spring line and the post of
federal highway police
subsequently be
perimeter between is the police station
road to the entrance of the city and
close to amb
on arrival a smile is a play
being transported on those trucks
are about 300 tonnes of weight which
are being discounted all the time by
beaters and also by the police
federal bus
by the fact that the truck has the
about eight meters wide is
necessary that the entire track be
in the stretch that they
are transiting any vehicle
transits in either direction
First as I said
Spring to the police station
road
then in the section between the police
road to smile and then
in the afternoon probably should
be interdicted between the
airport to the entrance of
will see
if they can move to the
the intended location as the equipment
very slow are about six
kilometers he makes is with
the trailers that pull that great weight
of about 300 tons
but we see here in the vicinity of
federal highway police station
a large queue going about
until the river sails the vehicles
small is weary options
looking for alternative options here
in this part of the bottom here we see
several vehicles passing by is outside the
highway
not to stand still is at the points where
are interdicted by the road police
federal every interdiction is a stretch there
which spins between 15 and 20 kilometers and
is banned for about an hour and
half to two hours or disorder in the
highway 163 is becoming
constant in the region a few days ago
ago we had another truck
centipede also came here with a
part only recently
we also had an accident involving a
The truck like that is still
here along the highway in the stretch
between lucas of the green river and
so we once again the people
takes if you for passing through the senses
it's cuiabá and smiles the risk is low
also smile sinop this Monday
seek guidance from the police
federal highway with images of rafael
souza júlio batista for the newspaper of
band